The main idea of our framework is to combine COVID-19 data from different sources into a map. To allow for data searching, the key is represented by a class, Groupby, that is holding state and date information. Then, the framework can conduct cross-over analysis of specific fields, pass the analysis result to the visualization plugins, which will display them on the GUI. There is no virtual limit for the number of data (analysis) resources our framework can support, as long as they have common data fields and numerical values for each corresponding field. For example, users can also implement our framework to investigate the relationship between COVID-19 cases and other diseases. For the visualization/display plugins, our framework supports any 2-dimensional visualization plugin with Javascipt. The analysis results from the framework include, but is not limited to, time-series data and associated data, which can be easily visualized by most of the display plugins.

To start our framework with the data and visualization plugins, the user should firstly get the API key for ApiPlugin and then, the token for MapPlugin.

To get the API key for the ApiPlugin implementation, please visit https://apidocs.covidactnow.org/. Then, scroll down to fill in the "email address" textbox, and click on the button **GET API KEY**. Finally, fill in the API key in the `TODO` section in the ApiPlugin class. 

To get the token for the MapPlugin implementation, please visit https://account.mapbox.com/auth/signin/ to sign up for Mapbox. Then, click on the **Tokens** on the navigation bar. Finally, copy the token value from this page to fill in the `TODO` section in MapPlugin class. 

Next, to start running the program, you can run `mvn exec:exec` on the IDE terminal, then click on the URI displayed on the terminal, which is http://localhost:8080/. Once the GUI is shown, the user can choose 1-3 data sources according to their interest, and then click on any of the visualization plugins to see the corresponding analysis results. Once a user chooses a visualization plugin, they can't add more data sources for analysis. If more data sources are needed, the user would need to start over, by clicking on the "New Data" button. 
